alright guys check it out mmm I
programmed the Taylor ons on my Taranis
so check out here it is everything off
thrust vector and tailings off elevator
I have TV on this switch and now we have
CV active okay now my tail runs are on
switch a so I turn that on
I haven't programmed the voice alert oh
there we go
we can turn the thrust vector off
reverse ok pilots hey you guys I just
programmed Taylor on Zoid Taranis
totally cool here we go okay check it
out hold on okay here we have just a
little on just switch it off so I put it
on a switch elevator okay no prospector
here's my thrust vectors on switch D so
there we have stress vector now turn the
Taylor ons on I haven't programmed the
voice alerts yet but I will
okay now we have parents school
turn the prospector off we have a lawn
so there you go guys I can turn it off
on the switch just off sweet all right
you guys might wonder how ICO Graham the
P let's check it out so just went into
the menu went to my mixes menu okay I
went to have all my servos on separate
channels so I went down to elevator
channel two I created a name line which
was this one I said it the name of
Taylor on source was the aileron and the
weight was minus 60 so I could match the
corresponding aileron and its tone down
to mine 60-100 would be a hundred
percent so it's about sixty percent okay
I have it on switch se if you can see
that okay yeah same thing for the right
there we go same thing just programmed
it set a switch and it's good to go you
guys I can't tell you how cool open TX
is I know well you probably sick of me
talking about taranis but you know on my
junior a spectrum me like it was like a
foreign language I had no idea what I
was doing but open TX is one guy on the
thread said hey it's your you're
basically talking to your servos you
just you tell them what to do it's that
simple and it's true you just you know
it's so intuitive so you know total newb
like me programmed in Taylor ons on the
switch how cool is that totally cool you
guys Travis is just awesome anyway
Taylor ons on the new f-22 LX time to
fly you guys let's do it